=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 10=
=You Came on to Me First=
What are you trying to do?
So what if you won't allow it?
Yan Che.
I won't let you hurt him.
You really want to defend him?
Do you know what kind of person he is?
Of course, I do.
He and I grew up together.
Why must you always harm the innocent?
Get lost.
If I tell you that he's a man
with a deceitful heart now,
would you believe me?
If you can show me proof,
then I'll believe you.
Che is
kind and sincere at his core.
Ying Du,
I believe he'd never harm me.
Suit yourself.
I'm done caring.
(Ying Du,)
(if what Oracle says is true,)
(and we're destined to walk)
(toward an ending of mutual hatred,)
(can I change)
(this tragic fate)
(by keeping my distance from you?)
Your Majesty,
Zhaoli asked me
to deliver this ring to you.
I don't want it.
Alright then.
Courting death?
This shabby ring
looks hideous,
but the size is just right.
(Maybe)
(he'll throw the ring away)
(because he's upset with me.)
Zhaoli!
- Zhaoli!
Zhaoli, where are you?
Where's Zhaoli?
Slow down, Grandmother.
Zhaoli!
No sign of her.
Who could it be
that took Zhaoli away?
I only saw
someone dressed in black
with their face hidden and head covered.
He knocked Zhaoli unconscious
and carried her away.
Zhaoli is gone?
- What do we do?
- Hurry.
But if she was knocked out,
why do I feel no pain?
You, head over there.
Hurry up.
- Over there.
- Search that way.
(This ring)
(can block pain.)
Zhaoli.
Your Majesty,
have you forgotten the Frostbite Curse?
Only when Zhaoli dies
can you survive.
It seems Zhaoli has learned
of the backlash from my power.
So, she gave me
this ring
to block my pain.
She'd rather put herself in danger
than let me be caught up in it.
Step aside.
Your Majesty,
this must be a trap set
by the man in black.
You've lost your power now.
You can't risk it.
I swore I'd protect her.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty,
please, wear this.
Your Majesty.
Your Highness,
if you want to kill me,
why not
do it now?
The ruler is ready to kill me for you.
How could I let you die so easily?
I'll make sure you suffer first.
You made the ruler wear
the Soulfall Ring.
He can't feel the pain you're in.
So, don't expect him to come save you.
How do you know about the Soulfall Ring?
Go on.
Ying Du.
Only when you're gone
will the ruler be mine again.
Zhaoli.
Ying Du.
Why?
Your Majesty,
I met you first.
I've been by your side all along.
Why have you never spared me a glance?
Why would you betray
my love?
I never made promises.
So, there's nothing to betray.
Ye Li,
your love
should not be spent on me.
So what?
I am but a woman,
hoping the one I adore feels the same.
Is that wrong?
Seeking true affection is never wrong,
but you should not ally
with those of ill intent
for your own desires
and harm the innocent folk.
Last time, I spared your life.
Yet you grew worse, showing no remorse.
Then the dungeon
shall be your place to repent.
Ying Du,
it is you who turned me into this.
I despise you.
Let's go home.
Alright.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
Why are you apologizing?
It all started because of me.
Since you admit your fault,
you must accept the punishment.
Let's put on the medicine first.
My wound has been treated.
Yours hasn't yet.
Zhaoli,
what are you
thinking now?
I...
I'm not thinking of anything.
Zhaoli,
I don't care what's on your mind,
but you'd better stop it.
Otherwise...
I...
I'm not thinking of anything.
Zhaoli,
you came on to me first this time.
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪